Add more details about final and const, fix formatting (#2704)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/language-tour.md

const map = {if (i is int) i: "int"}; // Use is and collection if.
const set = {if (list is List<int>) ...list}; // ...and a spread.
```

{{site.alert.note}}
  Although a `final` object cannot be modified,

>   its fields can be mutated. 
>   In comparison, both a `const` object and its properties
>   cannot be reassigned.

Reviewer: Let's make the wording more consistent within this note. Maybe:

```suggestion
  its fields can be changed. 
  In comparison, a `const` object and its fields
  cannot be changed: they're _immutable_.
```
